README.md, before:

# trackmytrain

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/rossbeazley/trackmytrain.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/rossbeazley/trackmytrain)


Another experiment, pushing the boundaries on ports and adapters. The network is the port, not the repo as i may have done in the past.




Todo list:

- Wearable can send broadcast message to "find home"
- Mobile can send a "I am base" message for wearables so then can register node id
- Mobile can respond with to "find home" with "i am base"
Wearable can send a attach service tracking ui message.
Mobile will store the node id of the wearable that has attached ui
Wearable can send a detach service tracking ui message.

Mobile can send serialised train view models

+ Mobile can send a tracking started broadcast.
+ Wearable will show UI in response to tracking started.
+ Wearable will hide UI in response to tracking finished.

Can migrate broadcast messages for tracking stopped to use point to point message

Very next task is the update view in response to service details update


First deliverable:
host will need to broadcast id -- I_AM_BASE_MESSAGE
host can broadcast this when tracking starts

manually start activity, it will attach view to app
attached presenter sends message to host -- ATTACH_SERVICE_TRACKING
host will need to register node


host will need to send presentation messages to registered node -- SERVICE_VIEW_PRESENT
wear activity is always on






Second deliverable:
activity will deregister observer when closed
activity will auto start when tracking starts
activity will close when tracking stops

Commit message:

moved 2nd deliverable tests etc out of way, wear activity has no icon now

README.md, after:

# trackmytrain

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/rossbeazley/trackmytrain.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/rossbeazley/trackmytrain)


Another experiment, pushing the boundaries on ports and adapters. The network is the port, not the repo as i may have done in the past.




Todo list:

- Wearable can send broadcast message to "find home"
- Mobile can send a "I am base" message for wearables so then can register node id
- Mobile can respond with to "find home" with "i am base"
2nd deliverable Wearable can send a attach service tracking ui message.
2nd deliverable Mobile will store the node id of the wearable that has attached ui
2nd deliverable Wearable can send a detach service tracking ui message.

Mobile can send serialised train view models

+ Mobile can send a tracking started broadcast.
+ Wearable will show UI in response to tracking started.
+ Wearable will hide UI in response to tracking finished.

Very next task is the update view in response to service details update


First deliverable:

host will need to send presentation messages as broadcast -- SERVICE_VIEW_PRESENT
wear activity is always on
activity finishes self when tracking stops


Second deliverable:
point to point comms
